run with
	python3 app.py

debug for updates
    flask --app app.py --debug run


see trainer
http://localhost:5000/monitor

see trainee
http://localhost:5000/trainee1
http://localhost:5000/trainee2


Connect to the database:

import sqlite3

def get_db_connection():
    conn = sqlite3.connect('training.db')
    return conn


PROMPT
0. We are going to store some data into a database. The data will be:
trainee_name
session_id
ethnicity
response_t

Ethnicity will have three options: black, white and latino
This database will be created once, and then data will be saved into it. Can you give me the generation script and add the connection script to the pages that need it?

1. The first page both trainer and trainee must be the same. It will show two buttons with the legend 'Trainer' and 'Trainee'. 
2. When pressing 'Trainer' the trainer will be brought to a login page where they will be asked for a password. This password will be hardcoded and it will be '1234'. If the password is set incorrectly, a message will be shown 'Wrong password'. If the password is correct, the trainer will be brought to the next page.
3. In the next page, the trainer will be given two options: 'New session' and 'Analyze session'.
4. 'New session' will bring them to a page where the trainer will be asked to introduce a session ID and to choose an ethnicity from the previous options. A fourth option for the ethnicity to be chosen randomly must be give, and the randomizing function implemented. The session ID and the ethnicity must be saved in the database.   
5. Analyze session will bring them to a page where they will be asked for a session ID. This ID will be queried in the database and the result will be shown in the next analysis page.
6. When pressing 'Trainee' the will be take to another page where they will be asked to introduce its name. The name must be saved into the database. Once they have correctly introduced their name, they will be brought to waiting page with instructions the the trainee connection signal must be sent to the trainer page (monitor). The connection signal must send the trainees name to the trainer page.
